quick fix to change main back to devel (#71342)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/dev_guide/developing_collections.rst

    cd ~/dev/ansible/collections/ansible_collections/community/general
    git remote add upstream git@github.com:ansible-collections/community.general.git

> Now you can use this checkout of ``community.general`` in playbooks and roles with whichever version of Ansible you have installed locally, including a local checkout of the ``ansible-base`` ``devel`` branch.

Reviewer: I wonder if it is better to name the repo here instead of the product:
```suggestion
Now you can use this checkout of ``community.general`` in playbooks and roles with whichever version of Ansible you have installed locally, including a local checkout of ``ansible/ansible``'s ``devel`` branch.
```
